this episode is brought to you by Ray
Khan I was an animal crossing virgin
until new horizons came out and I have
to say this is not the kind of game I've
ever really enjoyed but this game
[__] bangs I've had so much fun and I
can fully see why so many people get so
invested in the game there's just so
much to do in it and it's a never ending
experience now for me personally I found
most of the fun to be sharing the
experience with others i streamed a lot
of animal crossing at twitch.tv slash
moist critical and the most fun would be
when i opened up the floodgates and let
the stream come in I'd march right up to
my airport staff I'd say Orville unlock
that door he'd look at me with tears in
his eyes and say Charlie please not
again we can't handle more of this and
I'd say Orville open that [__] door
falling into a deeper sadness Orville
would remind me Charlie the Internet's a
weird place and we've had trouble with
some of these degenerates using your
island like a fleshlight are you
positive and I'd say Orville don't take
that tone with me again we're opening
the gates the PTSD would set in he'd go
into a hysterical fit but he'd opened
those gates and we let the internet
stream come in and I basically turned my
island to a sexual paradise basically I
turned my island into only fans and it
was a magical experience the community
came together you know I'd have I'd hire
some of the people to water some of my
plants while I was out fetching some
wood so I could build another chair
there was just so much to do the amount
of things you can do in Animal Crossing
is astonishing and honestly and it
wasn't just sharing the experience with
my streams Tiana and I played a lot of
animal crossing off streams she really
enjoyed the grind and it was fun playing
that with her so I think this is the
game that fits extremely well for anyone
looking for a really laid-back kind of
game or just a casual game to play with
someone that's really not even a gamer
because there's a lot to do you can
decorate your house in all kinds of
different ways decorate everything on
the island customize so much [__] you
can terraform your island into multiple
different ways again [__] waterfalls
run through your [__] you can really
design something truly unique and fun
the only thing is this is not a game I'd
recommend everyone the pacing in this
game is a
extremely slow and I typically don't
like that but I didn't mind it in this
game because I mean the grind was
enjoyable it's very colourful the
characters are fun to talk to I mean I
just don't really have any complaints
about the game to be honest but I see
why a lot of people wouldn't like it
because the entire game is basically a
giant fetch quest it's a never-ending
fetch quest series and that's not
exactly fun the fun comes from when you
complete that and then build your [__]
but for a lot of people it's going to be
pretty relaxing and even therapeutic to
a certain degree just to cast your
fishing line out there and catch
yourself a golden trout at some point
it's just a really really casual
laid-back game that has a lot of depth
to it if you're willing to give it that
chance so you could really build
something wild that the giant [__]
Empire on your Island and I appreciate
that the possibilities in this game are
actually endless and I mean that with no
exaggeration you can do pretty much
anything you can dream of for your
Island the customization is wild I went
to someone's Island and they had their
entire house decorated in pokey Maine
posters and also a satanic ritual room
to try and summon pokey main it was
crazy what they were able to do the only
negative things I can think about the
game are just how slow of a burn it is
and again I usually hate that but I
didn't mind it here but I definitely see
why a lot of people would especially the
beginning in particular it is super slow
you'll only be making like one [__]
flower in the beginning then having the
weight a full day also everything
happens in real time so one one day in
the real world is one day in the game
the only way around that is changing the
time on your Nintendo switch which full
full transparency I did in fact I
time-traveled 40 years into the future
just to see what my island would look
like so I traveled to the far-off future
of 2060 and let me tell you right now
Tom Nook is an immortal he might be a
vampire I'm not quite sure maybe the
Fountain of Youth exists on the island
there's no real telling but in 2060 it
was identical to 2020 so a bit
disappointed there I was hoping you know
all the characters would have like
graying beards or something look like
some [__] wizards out of a Tolkien
novel but that didn't happen what I'm
saying is if you're going to play this
without time switching which a lot of
people
you consider cheating I don't I don't
see any problem with it it's just
progressing in the game at a different
pace at your own pace since it is a
personalized experience I don't see
anything wrong with it but there's a lot
of people that take issue and if you're
not going to do that you're going to be
kind of bored for like the first three
days because you're not going to have a
whole lot of [__] to do it's very
limited in what you have available to
you in the beginning and it doesn't
really open itself up until you start
really getting [__] cranking like in a
week maybe and it's not that's not a bad
thing either because maybe for some
people the experience will be you know
hopping on the game for an hour to a day
and just doing some chores getting some
things set up and then the next day the
buildings are complete and then you go
from there
it's gonna be different for everyone and
I really think it just offers a lot to
just a casual experience that's really
customizable so plugging Animal Crossing
new horizon into the moist meter I'm
giving this bad boy a 90 percent I
really didn't expect to like this game
but I ended up really liking this game
so yeah that that's about it
it's time to talk about rake on again
I've recommended these bad boys plenty
of times by now I use them for the gym I
think they're fantastic when it comes to
anything active there are wireless
earbuds but let's face it most gyms are
closed right now and you're probably not
gonna be going to the gym unless you're
trying to weather the apocalypse that's
no excuse not to work out and be active
though you can do all kinds of body
weight exercises calisthenics at home
and if you're gonna be doing those
you're gonna need some boner jams
blastin so you got to get some rake on
earbuds they sound just as amazing as
the other top audio brands but they come
in at half the price the everyday e
twenty fives are the best model so I
still recommend that one it's 15% off if
you click the link in the description so
if you're interested in Rey Khan at all
feel free to click the link for 15%